in intro in 3x act 1 happy times yay act
2 dark times filled with danger and
intrigue act 3 happy credit how to eat
cereal step 1 step to the top of your
head step 8 what's room backed up
naughty relieved that you didn't spill
anything
who house oh nerve wrecking depth n your
dad go about your business so today I
went over to Twitter which is French for
the place where you tweaked and I said
holy blocks oh my gosh I'm awake what
should i do today beardlovers hashtag
this is a tweet and many of you complied
and i compiled and shall complete your
complicatedly composed tweets with
compassion and a computer no
compensation necessary this is
complementary companion calm calm calm
calm calm calm calm calm calm calm calm
calm whoa sorry I lost my composure so
under your tweets dance okay shoutout
okay Wow done kill a clone by tricking
him okay hey clone come here yeah you
know how I send clones to the alligator
pit when they're done with their chores
yeah you don't have to go really live
your life little does he know he's gonna
dive all day nothing talk about why we
dream the weirdest things okay but do we
really I'm sure we all dream weird
things but they're not the weirdest they
could always be weirder think of one of
your weirdest dreams then add flying
salami that's weirder and if your dream
is already about flying salami add
another one and it's weirder things can
always be weirder just add flying salami
complete history of cheesecake what
that's ridiculous that I haven't done it
sooner the first attested mention of
cheesecake is by a Greek physician
Adiemus around the 5th century BC so
cheesecake may have existed in ancient
Greece around 160 BC Roman statesman
Cato the Elder wrote de agricultura
which contained recipes for cakes called
live only boom boom and placenta
placenta is most like modern cheesecake
with crust that is separately prepared
and baked would you eat a cake called
placenta I wouldn't not because of the
name because I'm not hungry I just had
cereal on that
duh guys I'd have a little bit so these
cakes were different most modern
cheesecakes in the US and Canada use
cream cheese there are many different
types of cheesecake in other countries
if you'd like to learn about their
history there's a website with a list of
them right here right and done next week
make an upside-down video I just did I
was upside down for this entire video
and so was my apartment see everything
is taped down and there's suction on my
shoes and that cereal I ate at the
beginning most computer-generated that
was enough as you can see the SIP face
competition is still going on you can
vote 10 times a day we're currently in
third place here's the thing if we're in
the top 10 by the end we get $100
Starbucks gift card and I will give that
away for in first place we get a $500
Starbucks gift card I will give that
away too so if you want a chance to get
a $500 Starbucks gift card you gotta
gotta go vote 10 times in fact I'll give
away $100 Starbucks gift card anyway to
a person who gets this charade correct
in the comment
I will pick one person at random in the
comments who guesses that correctly good
luck